Hi friends! Have you ever looked around and thought about the land we live on? Let's
go on a fun adventure to explore some of the amazing features of the United Arab Emirates,
like deserts, mountains, coastlines, islands, and oasis. These are called landforms and each
one is truly unique and special. Most of the UAE is covered by deserts. One of the
most famous deserts here is the Al-Badaya Desert, known for its tall sand dunes and fun activities
like dune bashing and camel rides. Deserts may seem empty at first, but they're full of life,
plants, animals, and even people who have lived here for a long, long time. Isn't that amazing?
Now, let's climb up high to the mountains. The UAE has tall rocky mountains, especially in the
north. Jabel Jai's part of the Hajar Mountains is the highest mountain in the UAE. It's a great
place to feel the cool breeze, go hiking, and even see snow and winter. Next, let's visit the
coastlines. The UAE has long coastlines along the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman. These areas
are full of sea life and are important for fishing, travel, and trade. People love to walk along the
Corniche, swim in the sea, and have picnics by the beach. And look at this, a beautiful oasis.
Oasis are special places in the desert where you find water, trees, and animals. The Lila Oasis
in Abu Dhabi is one of the biggest in the UAE. It gives life to the desert and helps people
grow dates and other fruits. Wasn't that a wonderful journey? The land around us is full of wonders,
and now you know so much more about the UAE's amazing landforms.